The attributes of a city are name, latitude, longitude and number of citizens. In the file tuple-functions-2.py the function
takes a string argument, and creates and returns a tuple containing
details of the city specified by the string. The string should be assumed to have the format:

Rome 111000 20000 1200000

The items in the tuple will be name, latitude, longitude, and number of citizens. You can
assume that latitude and longitude are 2D coordinates in KM, not degrees. The tuple should
contain exactly 4 items. Next, the function will print the details of a city on a single
output line. It should take a tuple as its argument and print the details in fixed-width fields
using a layout such as:

Rome n. citizens: 1,200,000

The name will be displayed in a single fixed-width field using the format shown above so
you will need to create a string containing the name in this format and print it in a fixed- width
field. You may assume that no name will contain more than 30 characters when displayed in
this format, the number of citizens will contain at most 8 digits.
In the main body of the program, the code prompts the user for a filename and
attempts to open the file whose name is supplied. If the file cannot be opened an error
message should be output and the program should terminate; otherwise the program should
read each line from the file and supply it to the player tuple-creation function, storing the
tuples returned by this function in a list. You may assume that the file contains lines that
conform to the format described for the argument to the function.
After the data has been input, the program should display details of all the cities in the list in
a neat table (using the function already written) then enter a loop in which the user should
be given the option of requesting the display of (a) full details of (i) the city with a given name
or (ii) all the cities with a population in a particular range or (b) the cities, if any, within 10Km
from the coordinates specified by the user. After getting out of the loop, the user should then
be asked to input 2 cities names, and the program should be able to compute the distance
between the cities using the information about longitude and latitude. Note: Please assume
that given names of cities are unique.
